Hi, and welcome to your second interview in Hello Heart!
In this interview, you are presented with a simple ReactJS application. The application is still under development! Your task is to fix existing bugs and adding new features to the application.

Application Description:
In its current state, the application:
Displays a list of medication
Allows the user to filter the list of medications using a text input
Allow the user to select medications by clicking on a medication name. A click on an already set medication will deselect it. 

There are a few known issues in the application:
- When using the filter "Beta," the result is an empty list even though "Betaxolol" is a valid result. 
- Selected medications are deselected when a filter that filters them out is entered and cleared.
- Selecting "Benazepril" and filtering for "en" caused the wrong medication to be highlighted.

Instructions
Try to complete as many of the following steps during the allowed time. 

Step 1: Fix the known issues
Fix all of the known issues listed above

Step 2: Add a clear filter button
Add a new button next to the filter input. When clicked, the button should clear the filter and reload the list.

Step 3: Add a "submit" button
Add a new button under the list. When clicked, the button should output the list of the selected medications to the console window. 

Step 4: Add a "cancel" functionality to the submit button
Modify the submit button:

- Delay the "submission" by 10 seconds.
- Change its text to "Cancel (X seconds)." X should be the number of seconds left until the 10 seconds delay is over. The text should be updated every second.
- If the button is clicked again before the 10 seconds have elapsed - the "submission" should be canceled, and the button should return to its original look and functionality.
- When the 10 seconds have elapsed, and the data is "submitted," - the button text should be changed to "done," and it should not be clickable. 

Step 5: Bonus Round
Medication names are hard to spell. Try to improve the list search to allow the user some leeway for different word order, punctuation, and typos.

From all of us here at Hello Heart - 
Good luck!

